---
layout: page
title:  Pixel Developer Documentation
---

Welcome to the internal documentation and resources for all Pixel software. The
documentation is very important, and allows the code base to be clean and
easy to understand. 

### Overview
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pixel aims to eventually develop the most technologically advanced 3D software,
in any field where 3D software can be of benefit. With VR being in its infancy,
the potential for quality 3D software is immense. 

Our initial aim is essentially to create what can be thought of as the
intersection of Wikipedia, Pixar, and a StackOverflow like site. It allows
people to create beautifully rendered 3D animations (educational videos), to
visually explain concepts in all fields.

Consider the following simple example: A student is struggling to understand
forces -- say they can't determine acceleration/velocity/position from time
graphs of the other quantities. Someone wanting to explain this can use the
software to easily communicate this with a 3D scene of an elevator moving, and
attach graphs for the quantities to observe how they change with time. The
person creates the animation in real-time, with the person on the other end of
the network sharing the animation, and also being able to edit it.

The above example is a simple case, and the overall goal is to provide software
which allows the following for all levels, even complex physical simulations
such of fluid flow and rigid body dynamics.

### Getting Started
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The first thing to do is to get a development environment setup. See the
[Getting Started](GettingStarted.html) page, or select the link at the top of
the page.

### Guides
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The next thing to do would be to read through the guides. This is very
important for getting code successfully committed into the code base. See the
[Guides](Guides.html) page, or select the link at the top of the page.

### Libraries
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There are numerous libraries, some of which will be relevant, and other which
will not be. Nevertheless, they are all well documented and the documentation
can be found at [Libraries](Libraries.html), or by selecting the link at the
top of the page.
